docs(RELEASE_TEMPLATE): clarify publishing steps (#3454)
camunda/camunda-modeler: docs/.project/RELEASE_TEMPLATE.md

* [ ] publish release on [Github Releases](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/releases)
* [ ] trigger mirroring of release to [Camunda Download Center](https://downloads.camunda.cloud/release/camunda-modeler/) via [Jenkins](https://ci.cambpm.camunda.cloud/job/sideprojects/job/camunda-modeler-desktop-RELEASE/build?delay=0sec)

> * [ ] write blog post for the [Camunda Blog](https://camunda.com/blog/) according to [guidelines](https://confluence.camunda.com/display/HAN/Submitting+a+blog+post):

Reviewer: Use permalink:

```suggestion
* [ ] write blog post for the [Camunda Blog](https://camunda.com/blog/) according to [guidelines](https://confluence.camunda.com/x/Wi_SBg):
```

   * [ ] create blog from [release blog post template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_QxdkGmeaXL1jOZd_e_Eg0V1fvK322uT-OKT9Saa3cA/edit#)
   * [ ] share the post with your colleagues for review
   * [ ] share the post with [`#top-blog-submission`](https://camunda.slack.com/archives/C03NMMN2R28) for checkup and publishing
* [ ] update Camunda Modeler screenshots (and potentially text content) in the docs by running [screenshots workflow](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs-modeler-screenshots/actions/workflows/CREATE_SCREENSHOTS.yml). Download artifacts and create PRs for:
   * [ ] [camunda-docs-static](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs-static)
   * [ ] [camunda-docs-manual](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs-manual)
   * [ ] [camunda-docs-platform](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs)

> * [ ] provide content to the [release presentation and notice](https://confluence.camunda.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=HAN&title=Release+Presentation+Process#ReleasePresentationProcess-OrganisingtheReleasePresentation)

Reviewer: Use permalink:

```suggestion
* [ ] provide content to the [release presentation and notice](https://confluence.camunda.com/x/Uq-gBQ#ReleasePresentationProcess-OrganisingtheReleasePresentation)
```

> * [ ] trigger [downloads page](https://camunda.com/download/modeler/) update via [marketing request form](https://confluence.camunda.com/display/MAR/Marketing+Request+Form)

Reviewer: Use permalink

```suggestion
* [ ] trigger [downloads page](https://camunda.com/download/modeler/) update via [marketing request form](https://confluence.camunda.com/x/rTGSBg)
```
